what's up my kids what's up my
kids well
first of all first of all for centuries
taking into account raul thank you very much
truly from the heart a huge hug in
case you have noticed I'm
telling you
195 thousand subscribers on the
secondary channel we are about to and max
but very about to reach 200,000
I would be very excited these things of
illusions of illusions we live on
illusions for life okay
I want at least I want to ask all of you
who are watching this live
whether now or has already been summarized that it
allows you to subscribe but go on with all
the accounts that you have in life to
subscribe to javier canijo to death
but to death to death to death I don't
care if it is on your mothers' account and on
your grandmother's account I don't care but
subscribe this channel is breaking it
this channel goes very far so far that
yesterday
things in life well so far in the
first place that today he blocked me on
twitter carlota corredera
carlota because they have because he spoke to me
that now he is correderas  and I've
never mentioned her on twitter I think I
gave her a to and once and now since they
've blocked me broth this corredera I'm
sorry guys I know you were excited about the
possibility of one day she would
follow me but she hasn't followed me I
thought that Carlota Corredera would one day
invite me to one of her shows there
Rocío tell the truth to be alive
with I didn't see the possibility in you all
I really saw it I saw it and nothing
yesterday she uploaded an excerpt
talking about the news not the clicks
on it put wind and the tricks she put from
allianz cat and what a surprise I
'm on the terrace getting some fresh air at
around 1:34 in the morning when I was
uploading the excerpts
I'm finishing uploading the
excerpts and I get a notification that someone has
posted a comment on one of my
videos in one of the excerpts
specifically on the one about the wind and on the
strait yesterday just well what do you call it look for it
okay put it in the
comments please put the
comments what is it called so that the
people who made me summarize know what
excerpt I'm referring to I'm
going to go into the notification
and it's  deleted the comment
okay there was someone who had posted it's a
lot of text your comment but it was
deleted I couldn't see it so I took it
and took a breath again after a while
the notification sounded again and you take it and
it's Daniel Katz I'm going to read the message I'm
going to read the message because as I
already know what people are about because I'm
the king of salcé or I knew that this
comment was going to last 34 hours and so it was
3 or 4 hours later he went to the video and
deleted it I'm going to put what he put to me
what a shame that you give reports with these
videos literal danyang literal my video
minister threw it out live it was literal
reacting to what you were
exposing take out I made up nothing you
know it by you guys putting it okay her and I
spoke in person because we both
said very ugly things to each other in the past and we
forgave each other I believe this I didn't
ask Ari but I believe it because they
saw each other in person at the
blond tournament to which wind was not invited
and by the way but she was and they saw each other in
person and well they may have spoken
falsely I wouldn't say  mega we forgive each other
in napo
she can confirm this to you the
only thing I think is that I know two
points
nici I joined fertitta they have
cat names the truth is these names
that these people give themselves on the internet are
like data names no not even if I joined fer
chita and they have never received
apologies and I know how affected they
continue to be today just like
winding but let's see please
daniel katz dalián cat dalián gatita
yes all 16 things yes all yes all
the districts where you come here just
recognize because because they are the ones who
are waiting for an apology why do
n't they take the first step if they have so much
trauma maybe and not only give
because it would make it go from the past
but if I had to necessary saturn michi
meow and fer chita
if she sees that something needs to be fixed
because they give us the arm to twist first
because that is so victimizing because you
say and they are how affected they
still are today just like wind and
that are already traumas please that we have to
overcome it was something from years ago wait
wait back
that I just  realize
live and direct
I just realized
well now I say it I'm going to answer the
message I say it
[Applause] it
's difficult to see people who
want to be harassed and suffer so much
well it doesn't seem like harassment to me this thing from
Ancash when when it goes in both
directions okay the ugly things
when they go both directions it's not
a thing at all it's worth one thing when a
person tells you stop please stop and you don't
stop like it's happened to me on other
occasions no but well I don't see that
currently there are gameplays and doing it
but well let's read it
also it seems unfair to me that you put
mine no it seems totally fair to me they
seem totally a lot because
precisely they give already in your tweet in the
tweet that we read yesterday
in the tweet that we read yesterday you
blamed Ari for
continuing to make fun of you well the
wind and specifically after the
apologies and you in your
[Music]
in your tweet I tried
again to remove and Carlos thank you
very much thank you very much
Carlos thank you very much then you are
doing the same thing that you criticize a
little bit
a  little bit a little bit
[Music]
but strangely they don't put the tweets in
that literally just for tweeting something I have
an infection in it just for tweeting that I have
an infection in my eye she
responded with things like more infected
your eye or your vagina I know you and
specifically we haven't seen it but we've
seen very ugly things that Ari
has also told you but yes she doesn't
deny it because she doesn't deny it ar and she
doesn't deny it in fact we saw yesterday so you can
see how much we are and how impartial we
are yesterday we saw yesterday we saw
how
Ari uploaded a text where she recognized it so I do
n't see why I don't see why you
're throwing it in my face I think that for these
types of videos you have to be more
impartial and not just talk about one side
of the story
well I'll
tell you something I would tell you something I just
realized that Danny in bed just
followed
Dan in bed just followed it must have been done
recently because this afternoon
when I was writing to you and he wasn't
following me but look what I'm doing Dalian I'll
return your follow and I'll propose
something to you Paula  Thank you so much Thank you so much
Paulet I have a suggestion for you Daniel
Katz is
coming there He is coming I already
said it He is coming there Vinos are going to have
a chat He was going to come too We are going to
have a chat 20 You too and
we chat and if you are both willing
If you are both willing We will talk about it We will
talk about it Here with me as the moderator We will
clarify everything
and try to find a possible solution
Hui Cho is coming too but the truth is that someone
else is coming first but I am not going to
say who I am
going to wait for the one who has already
made an appointment with him in theory for this
week but I am not going to say and then we
can Well Ar is coming and Staciuk is coming and there
are already a few who are going to live And he is
also going to come Of course of
course and Simon of course but
from here I propose to Daria
What can she come here too
The note I am going to say
No I am not going to say but it
turns out that I am telling her on Twitter because she
covered your comment on my last
live after arguing with people it
would be ugly if what you wrote was a
lie I am just saying  thank you so
much thank you so much
and she has answered me I bet a
thread no and she tells me I don't
want to go back
to the house era to the house era what does it
mean
places right the one who comes david
bisbal I'm
not going to say it I'm not going to say it I'm
going to keep quiet until I upload it I'm
leaving it is very difficult for me to leave but I
really promise but well
in which all my live shows and videos
were full of hate with stubborn and pigeonholed people I
don't plan to deal but I can hold you
every word I can hold and you can
tell yourself that in person when we
saw each other we both apologized I don't
read it I don't say it I don't
say it
just as I continue considering that I joined
nicky fer chita and etcetera also
deserve apologies but let's see ari
dan now I who get involved in these fights
of these ladies I don't know but well damage
you already lower it fixed I ca
n't give a clue because if I gave
a clue it would be to say who it is and no
simply I
have a little surprise for you you are
going to love it
danya yours laren lago  nose already what
happens to the others that the rule in her
but what am I telling you, is it like
if the others consider they are
still very traumatized by what happened
five or six years ago
because she doesn't put in them a little bit
also from her part I'm sure I'm
completely sure I'm very sure what I will do would be
willing
I'm totally sure the one who
comes Rocío Carrasco from YouTube
but she is not and so the things of the
hierarchy of the socas would allow me to be a
member if Guillermo allows you to be a
member all that I'm here right now
live could be a member or
could be members
something I think we've all learned in the
last couple of years is that loudness
is not selective
this is this feminism this is feminism
what does feminism have to do with it
and I put it and if you fixed it
because she keeps throwing [ __ ] on twitter and
in her comments
and I don't
[Music]
and she's already put nothing else let's
see what people have put here
wind and a lot of encouragement well this is the
famous tweeting and asking for forgiveness
wind and a lot of encouragement reading so many
comments so  ugly makes me
regret ever saying something
bad to you you'll see that you'll get ahead an
apology for the bad comments that I
made that I made before you will get
ahead very soon you will allow me you will
allow me
okay you will allow me but later
I am investigating okay before
making this video I didn't talk to
anyone
ok in fact I had criticized him on more than
one occasion and I have to say that I didn't
find myself after the apology nothing
more
nothing more he didn't put anything else and
according to what wind is saying and yes yes he did
put
like that he continued messing with her it
doesn't add up to me it doesn't add up to me
today I had this date today I had a
really bad nightmare I dreamed that they
injected me with the pump and I was born
worse guatafan I don't know why I dream that
but what a bad thing the people who
suffer from a bad operation
here and dña this is after the
apologies you go thank you
very much thank you very much here and you're
making fun of it
you're making fun of harming and this is
after
forgive me
forgive me I almost choked on the
good joke about the  pubis or on
the ass it looks like implants I've seen
buttocks like that on Mexican influencers it looks
painful we
all know that ferret face upside
down I no I'm not going to tell you anything
really I'm not going to tell you anything okay I
just have you know that I'm not one
to do many talks and collaborations
and so on but I feel like doing
I feel like bringing a few
people here to chat and
and it's coming it's coming it's coming but I'm not going to
say that I'm not going to say who I would
like to be a surprise surprise do you
think implants prevent
algae and this is very ugly it has become very
ugly
this this
is this after the apology
this is after the apology
and this what is it I don't
know what this is this
is a jab this
this is a pretty ugly support
and these are the three from the other day if I'm not
mistaken
this was born from you there's
no one who occupies the sky that
doesn't fall
more on their face thank you very much thank you very much
thank you very much
and of course thank you very much hello
gorgeous greetings from the salsero plus
greetings to  salsa dancer of this world and hello all
the kids a hug to everyone and taro I
love you thank you so much
the only thing I can tell you danya is that we are
going to watch this video wind and
regrets attacking ari and asks to stop
this topic now moving on to this next
and last news which is about the
debate given by the review and juan warning
are what happens what
thanks but that people I am
making you a member today thank you very much it
happens well here there were two
quite interesting things first of
all the debate in question that right now
we are going to talk about in very summarized points
and the second that win digital who
was afraid of this answer that juan
guarnizo gave open let's see he does not
meditate the interview of wang he sent him a
message and water why I did
not like to see it like that look I am going to say
something
a little similar to what I have said to
one but I am going to say one thing I did not
watch the interview when he speaks
completely there was only a little the
intro and so on and so on and it made me very sorry to
see it like that sincerely it is not worth it
daniel ribera thank you very much it is not
worth it  Let no one get like that
because of a hater comment, I know that yes, teeth, I know they
are hurtful, I know they are
disgusting, the facts here live
but let's see the great
life that Juan has, what a good person you
are, the great girlfriend he has, you are going to
build your house, you are going to build it
from scratch, money, even if it's not
money, it's not everything, of course, no,
money is not everything but you have a
life that doesn't lack detail, you don't give
a [ __ ] about what those
disgusting and frustrated people say when when there are
when the people who make those drawings, not
those memes and their insults, they are not
insulting you, they are actually
insulting themselves, they are
letting themselves be seen how disgusting and pitiful they are,
really, no, it can't be that it
affects you like that, I don't know, I didn't expect that it was
going to affect him like that, you
are giving people a weapon so
that they continue to hurt you and it's that
truly God deserves us, I really do
n't know how he could have fallen to be affected
by that, there is another who does not realize how
little it really matters, okay, but
man, those comments already cause
damage, those comments that  they spit
up then bravely falls on him this
sale word they are making you happy that it
happened to you I was achieving that they make
those drawings the sonority is not
selective you say no and if the sonority
is not selective to damage because putting it from the
spit up you think it is good
that they draw aris implies how they are
drawing it and the babies that are making a
boomerang that you have spit up
the sonority is not selective
why eating this well first in
the Dallas debate just as it is more
granado interview they talked about the
subject of the bed and so on and honestly
just as varas said and also what
I thought from the beginning from my
point of view Juan saved and only should have
apologized to
absolutely no one other than maybe
his followers but they are stupid
obviously the interview is on secret net
summer I didn't think about myself to do
work I
won't think about it always has been right to
interview a little chat it is a little chat
like the one I was doing with Juan and
with all these days to the person who
made that beat that endowed thanks to him  Yeah,
thank you very much, no, he shouldn't have
apologized and
mentioned that this is more than anything
because Juan himself felt
cornered by all the hits he was
receiving, let's remember that Juan when he
did it, he's been
receiving a lot of Kate for weeks now because he
fought with time that yes because he said such a
thing about Colombia currently about
the camera so we see that Mr. Juan Guarnizo has had
a few pretty intense weeks.
Likewise, there
was a part in which Juan himself
ended up getting a little wet in his eyes
because Dallas
asked him about AR and gameplays and he
mentioned that he was sure that
she would never do any practice
which would take him as unfaithful and so on,
something that well, Juan himself ended up
crying a little over this situation in the
same way, Juan Guarnizo up
blonde what was this? He
mentioned that in his speech he had said
in his writing he had mentioned that what they
demonstrated were the memes but he
himself mentions that this really didn't
bother him that what bothered him
Paula thank you very much others various in
a talk  with schizophrenia that I hope
with that youtube
thank you very much for subscribing
again on youtube
this was more than anything the
disgusting drawings that you have made where he was
always has had relationships with
another person that I showed them in the
first video that is related to this
topic that the truth was quite
quite disgusting then
juan mentions that this was what really
bothered him seeing how in every
tweet he put they responded to him with that is
that type of drawings and well finally
dallas asked him about certain
comments that he had made we are in
cachi youtuber or what the [ __ ] is due to
I don't care that I don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] about the video heard section follow the
past both he and ar and at that
time he himself who mentions that this
is something that happened years ago that he has
a completely different mentality
that today has changed and that is how it is
and many people ask me why do
n't you talk about these clips where there is
desire for such a thing is that or rather if to give and it is that we have already
taken out the sun and it is that we have already taken
them out it is a click it is that
at the time we took out everything
but  the moment she apologizes
and even sends her private
messages I remember when
operation juan sent her a message for
itar to wind and she plays deaf wind and
acts like she hasn't received the
apology and continues and continues and continues and continues in
force or juan guarnizo have already
apologized for all the acts they
committed in the past for these
comments because it must be emphasized they
are simply comments it's not that it
happened they committed a crime against me no they didn't
commit any crime therefore for a
simple comment they can be
forgiven and today it's not worth it to
release those types of clips because
in the end they already admitted
that and indeed they made a mistake
by mentioning and saying these
types of things but well what happened as a result
of this remember that wind and
precisely the day before this was
posting on twitter she said that she was
asking for justice to stop mergia but
that she wanted justice to which I
wonder justice of what crime was
committed to wind and giles supposedly
justice for the comments they had
made in the past that already  they apologized
to one
to gwynn jr to apologize for calling her
corrupt any gameplays for calling her kind
of [ __ ] for accusing juan diari of
putting bots and
fraudulent reports to look for me I ask
danny before here dan would no longer be
compensated for the thing that he told you ar
and four years ago he would no longer be
compensated the balance would not be right
not by multiplying then he said that
obviously everything was bad and ugly but he
would not be compensated channels of tweets from
youtube of absolutely all of his
social networks practically I still have not
seen apologies for that but well what
happens well in another he apologizes to
see if they did not handle it from facebook
own video of dallas review of the debate he
did with juan guarnizo wind and he put
a comment he says we must not stop the
hate, I
mean you are on twitter doing and
saying one thing and you go to the comment
and you put yourself there of good looks but who
are you and several what is what you are but
this what is
please what hypocrisy what
hypocrisy well from here from
here I send a message of peace from
here  I send a message of peace
I'm sure there's peace I'm sure I bet he would
accept it I'm going to be
here live for a while I'm going to be
here live for a while or
tomorrow well tomorrow we'll document the
rice and well quickly they are from
Latin America we do it at dawn we
do a live show we
are here live upload the two of us to
talk upload the two of us to talk here
okay we throw things in each other's faces
first I speak with one alone then
I speak with the other alone and then I
both of them and we talk with me as
moderator so that each one can
expose their things that they have
here you're going to prove
here you're going to prove if really
yes really
well wind and he's not going to come no way
but at least he damages justice in dania
already wind and if he wants to join let him join
but I invite you all to tonight or
tomorrow night
okay
both of us you have my contacts already wind and
ari has my phone number
damián has mine he just
followed me so I just
returned the follow and you just have to
send me a DM I accept
and here we show if you want to fix
things or not it's
in your hands  it's in
your hands ladies but so you can see
but so you can see the objectivity and
how things are given a voice but I
[Music]
sincerely I think I would stop
for a long time that you don't what I see
is and I look at the sanse I'm not
interested I'm
not interested in one side or the other to
me one or the other
evidently I lean more towards one because of what
each one shows me
one to my Juan I love you very much
watch out but things as they are if he had
been wrong when he made
comments but I say it but it's that they have not
appreciated anything again since they
apologized I
leave it here I'm going to upload this extract
air in this over here
air that is over here oh in
front if there is yes there is of give me the
thumbnail upload this narrow one so that it is for the
record I'm already
here live I'm going to be here for a while
at night if you want to fix
things each one will tell your version and
come look there what are you doing aidenas a
thumbnail of this
give me already responds to me in the worst
possible way about  Ari gameplay dan already answers me
something like that
if you both want here we will be
waiting for your chat
not thank you very much but all
talk